[Music]
with friends I'm not gonna claim to be
good at this game good but I'm gonna
claim to be able to tie my shoes
that's about it that's fine hey that's
not in game graphics at all actually
it's quite the contrary but but I can
write and [__] out of that thing
see he's got a silly Josh good I like
that thing but that guy didn't even cut
his face did I mean he does I think he
cut off his jaw he was just he was like
while you're in there can you do some
stuff for me I really want metal tea you
won't be able to make words with that
though I have so much trouble with core
and I just what do you think of your new
job
egghead he looks like one of those
things you squeeze when you're stressed
out yeah actually yes he's got a 5 head
he really does you should submit that
the red it's 5 head subreddit is that a
thing yeah definitely go on that
subreddit insert by top-rated of all
time and you'll see some big-ass
foreheads oh yeah this guy wants you to
slice off specifically left hands frozen
green really yeah you don't have to I
mean it's it's sometimes it's just worth
it to turn a guy into soup just cuz you
wanna no no let's just take some hands
he's got a big enough collection as it
is I don't know just they're just
talking politics and scowling don't
worry about I don't like Paul would
pitch
the occupation forces and extremists
there is his eyes and I [__] hate it
[__] bow like [__] hate him
getting a little rough man is jetstream
sam yeah that's his name jetstream sam
yeah but not slippery Jon or whatever
the [__] I called him both of those guys
were awesome yeah they both have good
smiles I'll give him that
yeah dick and by that virtue they
deserve to win
that guy was uh broadcasting that on
Twitch and these graphics are that's how
tomar leaves his car I refuse to be wet
at this current time it really does well
the problems are avoiding him oh never
mind
framerate drop again yeah I don't know
why they did that because that was
pre-rendered yeah it's a it's a cool
thing they got for Peter Jackson I
wondered what just slowing down a thing
by stretching out a timeline yeah if you
go to rewatch the old King Kong movie he
did he does that throughout the entire
movie it drives me [__] crazy it's
not even that good of a movie I just
want to watch a big [__] monkey walk
around and I like the first half of it
or at least I remember myself like like
skull I love the whole Skull Island part
those bugs are really scary I have come
to talk about the bogs not the birds
you're mine this spine yep ud spined him
yeah if you define them you can uh so
you can do that and like pull out their
spine and it like restores your health
so that's like you're healing mechanic
is nice like d spina dude do you drink
spinal fluid yeah [__] yeah like
blueberry spines yeah I bet I'm not
gonna do that to every guy by the bus I
was just doing at that time for fun yeah
well the entire [__] audience pissed
off so they were like three spines you
freed and not a single left arm spine me
once shame on you
let's find me twice shame on me but
spine me thrice his ChatterBait floating
around after him as do i watch this
Courtney I think Courtney is the most
beautiful woman I've ever seen she bet
those eyebrows though they're [__]
weak as hell yeah when she goes into her
ultimate Courtney she grows twice the
eyebrows I really like her mug just have
a [__] iconic mug find these guys
are they people you're turning into soup
they're like walking vending machines
you're scaring me that's right in my
eyes when you do that that's very
unprofessional this is a war zone they
sewed there think when they took this
job
I'm just the Reaper he's the Reaper you
know when [__] that line was
delivered all the hairs on Genesis is
are stood up yeah I like that Genesis
should have his own video game he should
someone should mod this to put him in it
I think if you did that you might end up
killing him like he'll have a heart
attack from happiness what did he call
it it was like the HM HS Morris ow
so or some [__] then more asawa why you
could just cut up anything can you cut
down the trees I don't know let's see
I'd never see I am the [__] amazed
yep
that is so cool that is just amazing
this game so [__] sick that's all I
ever wanted was to cut down a whole tree
yeah you know you can do it Chris
in real life no okay
if a tree following me I'd probably get
hurt maybe but you could also maybe
punch at the just the right time it
would break in half minecraft taught me
that yeah I want to think about it
really really hard
you could also hang whatever I sure did
hopefully you can do this ooh
static vision I wish instead of skipping
the conversation you just rudely hung up
on him yeah yeah you press the button
and ride you got a bolt yeah
can you make a cool car like a banjo
kazooie yeah okay what do you do with
all those BP's oh you don't want to know
okay do the action Oh
I love that oh my god yeah perfect
yeah I got it okay
go along beat the game secret sneak
attack get this to be at the civilian
how did you [__] that up
it just didn't give me the thing to
[__] stab in the back that's like her
guy good no I couldn't have because I
didn't so well don't you think look it's
a halfling I like it Tomer you said
hobbits were [__] [__] right I never
said that okay
I relate heavily to the hobbit community
because of my furry feet what about your
beard and my stature I could probably
relate a little more to doors than
hobbits but still I got those hairy feet
they also dig dig dig in the mountains
to Mars you do that's you what your
[__] Bitcoin mining thing with my
Bitcoin mining thing yeah
what is it the Lonely Mountain where
they're from
yeah isn't that the the band with the
[__] with Andy Sandberg and some guys
who are mad that they're not Andy
Samberg to be fair who isn't
oh it's one of the cows things no that's
actually just a loudspeaker and a cow's
driving it I just wanted to make a a
funny thing like I feel like that thing
sounds like a moo cow
yeah that is true like it's also kind of
hurtful to say that especially the
people that strongly identify with the
way that that thing sounds oh the cow
can yeah okay
Mikell Macaulay cow holy [__] dude yeah
that thing's mad at me for something I
didn't even do that turd you do it exact
cut him yeah you use the lasso of truth
and it told me everything everything I
could possibly want to know never tell
you about that movie the flashpoint
paradox no I might have talked about it
on here before but I don't really
remember if I did so I'll just talk
about it again if so but one time this
complete [__] this complete [__]
[__] said yo those DC cartoon movies
are actually really good and I was like
really and he was like yeah like have
you seen the flashpoint paradox no it's
like no I was I was like I think the
flash is kind of stupid and he's just
like no man it's just like the coolest
[__] ever like it's really good movie I
like okay and by chance at the time a
girl was coming over no that's a bad bet
I know right and then but me and her
were like I don't know I told her it's
like hey this guy told me that this
movie is really good you won't watch it
she was like okay and then we both sat
down we start watching it and at the
start of the movie he's like the worst
dialogue I've ever [__] heard in my
life the flash is walking down a dusty
road with his mom she's like someday I
might not be around and you will have to
do good it was like already we're like
this is the stupidest [__] ever right
and then um Wonder Woman comes in at
some point and I I didn't know a single
thing about Wonder Woman I've never
looked into her and she says something
like I will use my last show of truth
and I was like oh my god this is
actually bad
this is actually bad and then halfway
through the movie the flash is like I
need to get my powers back cuz he's back
in time but he doesn't have his powers
yet so he goes to Batman he's like
Batman I don't have my powers I need you
to help me get my powers in the same
accident the way I got them and in
Batman is like well if we do this you
might explode into flames like it's
worth the risk of do it Batman straps
him to a chair and he gets like struck
by lightning and and then he literally
explodes and burns alive and any scream
like Batman throws a blanket over him by
the bat blanket yeah yeah but then it
cuts like five minutes later I mean he's
a [__] fourth degree burn but he's
bald and he's burned all over his body
and he's strapping himself to the chair
again like nothing happened he's like
we'll try again he doesn't even care
these a fourth-degree burns victim okay
I didn't think the flesh got struck by
lightning I thought no he was in Santa
add a chemical accident or stuff it was
some stupid [__] I don't forget but
whatever happens I give daredevil he
gets abducted by a lightning tornado and
it takes his mom away and then his dad
gets arrested or at least that's my
understanding of it you need to see that
scene though it's like the [__]
stupidest [__] I ever saw how dare you
call the flash the coolest character
stupid but his name's Wally yeah that's
not cool I knew a guy called Wally any
war leg around his neck oh yeah he
shouldn't he wore Lego around his neck
yet a Lego necklace I said Wally you
just bring this on yourself bra before
you threw him off that bridge before I
strapped into a chair and made lightning
strike him
hey you can't cook up an [__] like
that
watch me it's raining a psycho on this
day change your sub weapon Lyle I dare
you to say that to my face I can't look
you in the face you make me so well
what's so bad you have it seems it seems
as though none actually and what it's
telling me to use one of these is he
cold raiden or ridin ridin like riding a
horse yeah yeah you never forget
except when they [__] throw you off so
we need to throw you off and step on
your neck killing let me think ridin and
ride you know basically mean the same
thing in Japanese so he's named after
the god of lightning yeah it's something
like that same guy is the the man we
used to pronounce Raiden and Mortal
Kombat tomar you walk into a conference
room Zeus and all the other gods are
sitting there they look up and they ask
who are which God are you God what God
of smoky in the Bears smoky DeBeers
what does that even allow you to do
Tomer to prevent forest fire I guess it
allows you to get through the conference
without many more questions that
probably doesn't leave they were just
getting mad all the other gods would
stop talking to me yeah you're not a god
anymore after that it's a good strategy
though what we want people not to arouse
suspicion what about you loyal breed the
god of I'm the god of what tomar said
also haha to smoking the bear gods
yeah ok I left his oven on to look not
the best strategy but it works or maybe
I'm just the god of smoky and Lyle's the
god of all other bears yeah yeah I like
that
[__] there's a [__] Bugs Bunny
chainsaw yeah he's cutting Florida
[Laughter]
whoa whoa what whoa that's [__] cool
when you're falling to your death what
you want to do is 9 flips and that's how
you land on your feet whoa
that's the stinker himself most people
make the mistake of only eight flips or
or even overdoing it with ten oh my god
oh it's robo-puppy he's real neat okay
then what's the meaning of life why are
we here that's so cool that wasn't much
of a hand saying that AI failed to grasp
contact but he didn't fail to grasp that
little knife with his foot what good is
an intellect if you can't use it but
funny stop owning me this is actually a
really cool [__] song did Kojima come
up with all this stuff um it I don't
know maybe probably not he's probably
thinking about it though you could have
come up with it if he wanted to do you
think of this is more of a Robo dog Oh
or more of a robo kitty it's a dog for
sure to cheat it how you think yeah I
guess it kind of doesn't move like a
panther or something so good it looks
like a big cat to me it's a robo kitty
yeah all right so it's not an epic pup
Oh dog I'm sorry an epic boots dog oh
yeah this isn't this doesn't qualify
legally as a pooping I'm sorry that has
to be like the most satisfying game
mechanic I've ever seen
what slicing [__] up you could change it
and it's so cool yeah it kind of never
gets old we were talking earlier off off
recording about game animations that
kind of like snap you and the the thing
you're attacking into place and that's a
good example of something that's totally
not that where it's just whatever way
you cut it is the way that it goes yeah
I guess this game still does have like
canned animations like that but then you
can you know you can make that guy into
[__] sausage like they're nearly
always interesting to look at though
yeah that's true
he said man's at me keep saying that as
if he like really doesn't want to fight
you maybe that is the implication he
keeps talking about choice as if he had
any reason to sympathize with you he
sympathizes with you because you're both
silly robot guys and like cutting dudes
which is basically kind of the robot
equivalent of like when you guys like
the same bands and [__] I can't even
fathom how they make a game like this I
feel like he's destined to be your pet
kitty don't say that too loud to Omar it
just might happen